[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So
I'm gonna go back to my GitHub account and
we're gonna poke around a little bit.
>> Speaker 1: You can go ahead and
refresh the page.
>> Speaker 1: Now you see my
name would go here which is what I typed
when Git asked me what my name was.
Says that I changed
this three minutes ago.
>> Speaker 1: So, we can go ahead,
it'll give you a link to the latest
commit, we can go ahead and click that.
I messed up, here's another file.
And GitHub is showing me
the exact changes that I made.
>> Speaker 1: So if you don't wanna fiddle
with the command line which can
kind of be little bit obtuse,
you can do a lot of things
from the GitHub.com site.
And there's also a UI client available for
both Mac and
Windows.
>> Speaker 1: Okay,
yes?
>> Speaker 2: There's a question on,
she's saying, every time that she modifies
the file, should she use git add again or
just commit it directly?
>> Speaker 1: Git add.
So here's a funny thing.
If you modify a file, and you do git
add on it, and then you change it.
The first time you called git add,
that was the version of the file
that's in your staging environment.
If you do any more changes and you don't
do git add again, when you commit,
git will commit the version of that file
from the last time that you ran git add.
So a good git work flow
is lots of commits.
Any time you do something there like,
I'm not sure about this, go ahead and
add it and commit it,
then you always have a history of it
later.
>> Speaker 3: If you commit something and
you decide you didn't want it,
how do you get back to?
>> Speaker 1: It's kind of outside
the scope of this class.
There is a few different ways,
but the thing that you're
probably going to want to
do is create a new branch.
So your master which is
like the base branch of
any repository is gonna stay clean and
working.
And then when you wanna work on a new
feature you would create a new branch,
hack away on that branch but you always
have master exactly where you left it.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 3: What is the difference
between a branch and a fork then?
I guess, I didn't quite understand that.
>> Speaker 1: So a fork is,
you can kinda think of it as
a copy of someone else's code.
A branch is a copy of your own code.
So forking is taking
a different repository and
making a copy of it that has all
the history that that repository has had.
So you can see the changes on it but
now you have your own copy.
You would make a branch
of your own repository.
Does that make sense?
All right.
>> Speaker 2: Fork is a branch, it's just
your branch of someone else's code.
>> Speaker 1: So,
we're gonna make our own,
our first pull request.
So we're going to go back to
our copy of this pull request,
our fork of this pull request project.
We're gonna scroll over to the right,
click on Pull Requests.
>> Speaker 1: And
we're gonna make a new one.
>> Speaker 1: So
we can see that GitHub is being spar] and
it's like, you forked this off btholt.
So, I'm gonna make a pull request
that has all the changes that I made.
>> Speaker 1: So you can go and review it.
You'll see the changes that you're
going to be pushing back up.
And click on Create pull request.
>> Speaker 1: Fun
fact about GitHub comment fields,
compiling all sorts of emoji.
So, let's make this one colorful.
>> Speaker 1: C,
let's put some cats in there.
>> Speaker 1: Okay,
once you've created a tail and
written a message,
we're going to go ahead and
create this pull request.
So GitHub is telling me that I
want to merge in two commits
back into this original
project that we forked from.
And those commits are coming from my
project.
>> Speaker 1: Does
anyone need help getting to this point?
>> Speaker 1: So-
>> Speaker 2: I think people are wondering
how to get to the pull request.
>> Speaker 1: So,
in order to do that,
I'm just gonna go through it again.
I'm gonna go to my copy
of this repository.
And, and this links up here,
this one will take me to my account and
this one will take me to this project.
>> Speaker 1: So,
I go to the root of this project,
I scroll to the right,
click on Pull Requests.
And then New pull request.
>> Speaker 1: So,
because I've already done this.
>> Speaker 1: And
I don't have any other changes,
GitHub is smart enough to be like,
hey, you already did this.
Do you want to look at the one
that you already created.